PUBLISHING.md, before:

# New version publishing instructions

Ideally it would be done by a CI action.
For now it has to be done manually.


## Release commit

- Update `CHANGELOG.md` (replace `Unpublished` with the version and the release date).
- Bump version in `umbral-pre/Cargo.toml`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-python/Cargo.toml`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-python/docs/conf.py`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-python/setup.py`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-wasm/Cargo.toml`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-wasm/package.template.json`.
- Tag the release commit with the version tag (in `v*.*.*` format).


## Rust crate

In `umbral-pre` dir:

- `cargo login <your_id>` (using your crates.io ID).
- `cargo publish`.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/publishing.html for more info on publishing.


## Python package

In `umbral-pre-python` dir:

- Clean `dist` (if it is not empty).
- `python setup.py sdist` (generate source distribution).
- `docker run --rm -v `pwd`/..:/io quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_x86_64 /io/umbral-pre-python/build-wheels.sh` (generate Linux wheels).
- `twine upload dist/*`.


## NPM package

In `umbral-pre-wasm` dir:

- `rm -rf pkg`.
- `make`.
- `wasm-pack login`.
- `cd pkg`.
- `npm publish --access=public`.

See see https://rustwasm.github.io/docs/wasm-pack/tutorials/npm-browser-packages/packaging-and-publishing.html for more info on publishing.

Commit message:

Add a section to PUBLISHING.md concerning version bumps

PUBLISHING.md, after:

# New version publishing instructions

Ideally it would be done by a CI action.
For now it has to be done manually.


## Keeping the changelog and bumping the version

For every version, list the "Changed" items first (meaning backward incompatible changes), then "Added" (new features), then "Fixed" (bug fixes, or other improvements that do not change the API/ABI).
Rust has some specifics in what is considered a breaking change; refer to https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/semver.html for the full list.
The version number part (major/minor/patch) that is bumped should correspond to whether there is something in "Changed" or "Added" categories.


## Release commit

- Update `CHANGELOG.md` (replace `Unpublished` with the version and the release date).
- Bump version in `umbral-pre/Cargo.toml`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-python/Cargo.toml`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-python/docs/conf.py`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-python/setup.py`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-wasm/Cargo.toml`.
- Bump version in `umbral-pre-wasm/package.template.json`.
- Tag the release commit with the version tag (in `v*.*.*` format).


## Rust crate

In `umbral-pre` dir:

- `cargo login <your_id>` (using your crates.io ID).
- `cargo publish`.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/publishing.html for more info on publishing.


## Python package

In `umbral-pre-python` dir:

- Clean `dist` (if it is not empty).
- `python setup.py sdist` (generate source distribution).
- `docker run --rm -v `pwd`/..:/io quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_x86_64 /io/umbral-pre-python/build-wheels.sh` (generate Linux wheels).
- `twine upload dist/*`.


## NPM package

In `umbral-pre-wasm` dir:

- `rm -rf pkg`.
- `make`.
- `wasm-pack login`.
- `cd pkg`.
- `npm publish --access=public`.

See see https://rustwasm.github.io/docs/wasm-pack/tutorials/npm-browser-packages/packaging-and-publishing.html for more info on publishing.
